Feature/ltk 11429 modification of imgtool utility for certificate based code signing (#1)
KalpeshKadam-eaton/mcuboot: docs/imgtool.md

instead, the TLV area will contain the whole public key and thus the bootloader
can be independent from the key(s). For more information on the additional
requirements of this option, see the [design](design.md) document.

The --cert argument can be used to provide the certificate file path.
Specify the option 2 times to add intermediate and product certificates.
Certificate need to be pass in sequence i.e 1st Intermediate and 2nd Product

> certificate. Root Certificate not required and should not be pass as argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificate. Root Certificate is not required to pass as argument. It should be part of bootloader as a trusted ca.
```
